

These are script tests to run for the interfaces to ensure they function as expected:

TEST HOME SCREEN
01) Run the ExamHelper project
02) Confirm that a window opens with text, “Please Choose to Create an Exam or Input 
    a Question,” and buttons corresponding to these two choices.
03) Click button labeled “Input Question.”
04) Confirm that a new window opens with  text “Please Choose to Input a Single Question 
    or Input a Question File,” two buttons corresponding to these choices, and a 
    “Back button in the top left.
05) Click the “Back” button and confirm that the original window opens again.
06) Click button labeled “Create Exam.”
07) Confirm that a new window opens with a “Back” button in the top left, a text box 
    labeled “Number of Questions, a drop down menu labeled “Choose a Subject for the 
    Exam.”
08) Click the “Back” button and confirm that the original window opens again.

TEST QUESTION CHOICE SCREEN
01) Run the project if not running already.
01) From the home screen click the “Input Question” button.
02) When the new window opens, click button labeled “Input Question.”
03) Confirm that a new window opens with a Combo Box labeled, “Choose a subject, or 
    ender a new subject:” along with a text box labeled, “Enter Your Question Here…” 
    A “Done” button is at the bottom and a “Back” button in the top left.
04) Click the “Back” button and confirm that the previous window opens again.
05) Click the button labeled "Input File."
06) Confirm that a new window opens with an empty text box, a button labeled, 
    "Choose File," a button labeled "Input Questions," and a "Back" button in the 
    top left.
07) Click the "Back" button and confirm that the previous screeen opens again.
08) Return to the home screen or exit the system.

TEST INPUT QUESTION SCREEN
01) Run Project if not running already.
02) From the home screen click the "Input Question" button.
06) Type any subject into the Combo Box that does not already exist in the drop down.
12) Enter a corresponding question in the text box and click the “Done” button when 
    finished.
13) Confirm that the current window closes and the home screen opens again.

TEST INPUT FILE SCREEN
01) Run the project if not running already.
02) From the home screen, navigate to the INPUT FILE screen by clicking "Input Question" 
    button on the home screen and then "Input File" button on the QUESTION CHOICE screen.
03) Click the "Choose File" button.
04) Confirm that Finder (Mac) or Explorer (Windows) opens.
05) Choose a file and confirm that its address appears in the text box.
06) Navigate back to the home screen or exit the system.

TEST CREATE EXAM SCREEN
01) Run Project if not running already.
02) From the home screen, click the “Create Exam” button. 
03) Confirm that the subject you created exists in the drop down menu, and select it.
04) Type “2” in the Questions text box.
05) Click “Create Exam.”
06) Confirm that a new window opens displaying this message, “Error! You either entered 
    an invalid number, or you entered a number greater than the number of questions 
    available. Please enter a new value.”
07) Click the "Back" button and confirm the previous window re-opens, conserving the 
    subject and number of questions you entered before.
08) Now change the number of questions from “2” to “K” and click “Create Exam.”
09) Confirm that the same message appears. Click “Back.”
10) Change number of questions to “-5” and click “Create Exam.”
11) Confirm that the same message appears. Click “Back.”
12) Change the number of questions to “1” and click “Create Exam.”
13) Confirm that a text file opens named “yyyy_mm_dd-*YOUR SUBJECT*-exam.txt”
14) Confirm that the file specifies the subject, has a name and date slot, and displays
    your question.
15) Close the text file.
16) Navigate back to the home screen or close the system.


